By "recent" we mean: flights will not show up in this view if their status is "past".

The public flight view shows the following information for both arriving and departing flights:

Scheduled time to arrive/depart
City the flight is arriving from/departing to (e.g. Los Angeles)
The name of the airline that runs the flight (e.g. American Airlines)
The flight number (e.g. UA1664)
The latest status of the flight
Possible statuses:
past (completed flight)
scheduled (future flight)
cancelled
delayed
on time
landed (but not at gate yet)
arrived
boarding
departed (finished boarding, left airport)
If the flight is a departure:
The latest gate information is also shown
The name of the airport departing flights is departing to (e.g. CHI for BDPA Chicago Airport)
Note: you'll have to decide how to handle displaying flight data for flights that are not arriving/departing from your airport.

Anyone can see this view, including guests who are not logged in. By default, all flights are shown. Arrivals and departures will be shown separately. All flights will be searchable and sortable by flight number, airline, airport, city, arrival/departure time. For example, users can sort by airline in descending alphabetical order, sort by gate in ascending alphabetical order, sort from arrival time in descending order, etc.

There will be a "book this flight" button(s) or some similar functionality that sends customers and guests to a flight booking view so they can book the flight they clicked on. However, tickets can only be purchased if the flight is scheduled to depart in more than 24-hours from the time of booking.

Warning: flights with status "past" will be deleted from the API after 7 days, so ensure your solution does not rely on past flights existing perpetually. Customers must still see a complete history of their past bookings where appropriate.

Note: flights are generated by the system on a per-hour basis (limited to around 16 hours per day) up to 30 days in advance. There will be no flights that exist more than 30 days in the future, and every day will have around 8 hours with no flights on the ground (and sometimes no flights in the air). You must account for this.

Note: your team only has to worry about booking tickets for flights where type=="departure" where landingAt equals your airport. You do not have to worry about booking tickets for departures where departedTo equals your airport. These should be treated as you would any other arrivals.

How Arrivals Work
Arrivals (i.e. flights where type=="arrival") will be status=="scheduled" until departFromSender time elapses, after which they'll become status=="on time" as they fly in from comingFrom airport on their way to landingAt airport. Alternatively, a flight may become status=="cancelled" instead. A cancelled flight will no longer update in the system and can be considered in its final state. This is the only point where a flight might be cancelled. If status!="scheduled", a flight will never enter the cancelled state.

At some point before it lands, the flight may become status=="delayed" and/or be assigned a gate; gates can be changed/reassigned at any time! Once arriveAtReceiver time elapses, the fight will become status=="landed", which means the flight is on the ground but not yet at its gate. Once the flight pulls up to its assigned gate, it will become status=="arrived" (the gate for this flight will no longer change after this happens). At the end of the hour, the flight will become status=="past" and its gate will change to null.

How Departures Work
Departures (i.e. flights where type=="departure") will be status=="scheduled" until departFromSender time elapses, after which they'll become status=="on time" as they fly in from comingFrom airport on their way to landingAt airport. Alternatively, a flight may become status=="cancelled" instead. A cancelled flight will no longer update in the system and can be considered in its final state. This is the only point where a flight might be cancelled. If status!="scheduled", a flight will never enter the cancelled state.

At some point before it lands, the flight may become status=="delayed" and/or be assigned a gate; gates can be changed/reassigned at any time! Once arriveAtReceiver time elapses, the fight will become status=="landed", which means the flight is on the ground but not yet at its gate. Once the flight pulls up to its assigned gate, it will become status=="arrived" (the gate for this flight will no longer change after this happens). After a few minutes, it will become status=="boarding". 10-15 minutes later, once departFromReceiver time elapses, it will become status=="departed" as they fly on their way to departingTo airport. A few hours after that, the flight will become status=="past" and its gate will change to null.
